This is an AI patch for "Reika Murasame" by Taruse.
Thank you to Mr. Taruse for permission to publish.

■Introduction method
Copy the wakuwaku folder and wakuwaku.def to the character folder
Please enter "reika/wakuwaku.def" in select.def.

■AI level setting
-2.cns can be set by searching for "level" and using the hit line.
In the range of 1 to 5, the higher the number, the stronger it is, and below 0, there is no AI.
Default is 5.

■About TAG TEAM MODE
It is based on "TAG TEAM MODE VERSION 2.0" by ROQUE.
Since it is open source, I incorporated it into AI and used it.
Thank you Mr. ROQUE.
Simply put, it is a system for playing doubles like MVC and NBC.
If you select the MUGEN standard tag mode, you can use it instead.
Please refer to the text in the publication location for details.

・At first
To take advantage of TAG TEAM MODE, it must be installed in both characters.
If both are included, the character you choose first will fight first, and the character you choose second will stand by.
Characters on standby will automatically recover their life by default.
Even if you only incorporate it into the second selected character, that character will be on standby at the start.
Arbitrary substitutions and tag attack substitutions are not possible, and you cannot substitute until the first selected character is KO'd.
On the other hand, if you only incorporate it into the first selected character, it will become normal tag mode.

・Method of applying
-2. Immediately after opening CNS, search for "tag2" and delete "null;" in the hit line to switch to TAG TEAM MODE.
If you want to return to the normal tag, please rewrite "null;" in its original place.

・Substitution
Command: Press ZC at the same time (ground only)
The character in battle will be replaced by a waiting partner.
The partner who was waiting at the time of the change will enter the battle while attacking according to the gauge.
Also, if a character in battle is KOed, the character who was on standby will automatically enter the battle.

・Tag attack change
Command: Press ↓ + ZC at the same time on 3 gauge or higher (ground only)
The character in battle and the waiting partner perform gauge moves at the same time and then switch places.
It's a so-called combined attack, and it's like a variable combination in MVC.

・AI replacement frequency setting
-2.You can search CNS by "frequency" and set it based on the hit location.
In the range of 1 to 10, the higher the number, the higher the frequency of substitutions, and if it is less than 0, there will be no substitutions.
Even if it is less than 0, TAG TEAM MODE is not canceled, so automatic substitutions or midway substitutions can be made according to the partner's instructions.
Default is 5. I think it won't be fun if there are too many changes, so I recommend 5.
By the way, even if the frequency setting is the same, the frequency of replacement will change depending on the remaining life.
The fewer lives you have, the more frequently you will be replaced (because we are assuming recovery while on standby).

・AI no-replacement restriction time
The waiting character will not be replaced for a few seconds after being replaced.
This is to prevent unnecessary actions such as changing immediately after changing.
This time decreases as the shift frequency setting increases.

・Life recovery settings during standby
-2.You can search CNS for "recovery" and set it at the hit location.
TAG TEAM MODE automatically recovers life by default, but we have made it easier to select whether or not to do so.
0 is absent and 1 is present. Applies to both human and AI operations.
Default is 1.

■Update history
2011/09/08 Correction of writing error. Adjust the movement.
2009/12/26　TAG TEAM MODE added
Published on 2009/12/04. Compatible with var 1.0.

■Special thanks
Mr. Taruse: Character creator.
Mr. Heiseiken: I referred to the AI manual and description.
Mr. ⑨: I referred to the AI course.
I referred to the descriptions of many other manufacturers.

If you have any questions, please email us below.

Producer: Wakuwaku
Email: wakuwaku_mugen@hotmail.co.jp
Publication location: http://wakuwakumugen.web.fc2.com/